Israel's foreign minister says that the
military will not stop fighting little
has changed on the ground in Gaza since
that Security Council resolution at
least 17 Palestinians including four
children were killed in an Israeli air
strike targeting a home near Rafa
overnight the Israeli government has
repeatedly said that it plans to launch
a ground offensive on Rafa gaza's
Southernmost city where more than 1.5
million Palestinians are Sheltering well
alaz Han Mahmud is in Rafa he joins us
now Hani so it it's the first time since
this War Began that the United Nations
most powerful organ the security Council
has called and demanded a ceasefire how
are Palestinians reacting to
that yes Sirah well it's quite
significant for the vast majority of
Palestinians and it's been as expressed
by the United Nations Chief as long
waited resolution to end the mass
suffering and and miserable living
conditions for gazans across the Gaza
Strip here but the fact that it is
happening it it just
highlights one important thing which is
an a change of position from the one
country that has traditionally uh
protected uh its allies Israel from the
UN Security Council resolutions from
United Nations agencies for for the past
years and more visible during the the
the time of this genocidal uh War but
the fact that we're looking it is
happening right now it's making people
hopeful making them optimistic is still
very cautious because we heard the
reactions from Israeli Prime Minister's
office as well as his War cabinet and
there is an ongoing uh air strikes
taking place overnight in RAF City and
other parts of the god of STP in just
publicly saying that it's not that the
de or the resolution does not mean
anything for the isra uh military one
important thing here is just the period
the time frame of the resolution to be
implemented it has to be implemented
right away otherwise we're looking at a
very short period of time two weeks
until the end of Ramadan it's not enough
to respond to the human itorian needs
and a humanitarian catastrophe caused by
the intense bombing campaign as Doctors
Without Bard's director
expressed Hy you know we heard our
correspondent in New York Gabriel
alzando um reminder of viers that this
resolution is binding international law
which means it's now an international
legal requirement for all parties to
stop
fighting as a reminder not that this
comes as a huge surprise to anybody but
as a reminder can can you remind us
what's been happening in the Gaza Strip
since that resolution was
passed
this well almost um just couple hours
after the resolution was passed we here
in overcrowded part of the Gast braa
City where more than half of the
population have been cornered here dense
presence of surveillance drones and
attack drones till early hours of this
morning coupled with massive air strikes
a northern RAF where residential home
was targeted and Destroy 7 people were
killed in a plain violation of this
resolution and a violation of
international court and just put Israel
right at the Forefront of of publicly
violating any binding international law
resolution and just suggest that the
Israeli military its War cabinet and
prime minister Netanyahu do not care or
do not take these resolution seriously
and do did seems like the not want to
abide with these laws in other parts of
the Gaza Strip the violations continue
with constant ongoing artillery Shilling
as well as attacks in the northern part
that is been largely struggling with
famine within the past weeks and on
daily basis ongoing attacks on hospitals
and other public facilities the central
area as well came under heavy
bombardment it just not worrying very
much about the reaction of the world and
continue with the with the genocidal
acts on the ground yeah and and Benny
Gant who is a member of the war cabinet
has said explicitly that the UN Security
Council resolution will have no
operational impact on how Israel
conducts this war so there we are um
hanim Mahmud with your reporting there
from the southern part of the Gaza Strip
thank you very much